# SoutheastOS v1.2.5
> ⚠️ If you need to report issues with the bot, DM me. Isabelle/Kun will not be able to help you and they won't do anything but tell you to DM me.
## Quick Note from Excelsior
Okay. So, this bot originally started as a fun project. I started developing this around Christmas Eve. Oh boy have we come a long way. I lowkey did not expect this bot to turn out anywhere near as good as it is right now. Yeah, it's still shit, but it's better than it was last month, okay? Anyways, fuck this, roll the credits.

### Breaking Changes
- Prefix is `se!`.
- Sharding is here, so if the shard dies, let me know.

### Additions
**Yeah, so you remember how editing your message would bypass `a!snipe`? Not anymore.**
- Added `a!editsnipe`. Alias: `a!esnipe`

**Don't know why I added this, cry.**
- Added `se!about`. Self explanatory.

**I finally fixed that fucking bug with the snipe command.**

Uh, IDK what to say really.
---

Everything below this line is absolutely useless to you and if you choose to read it you're only wasting your own time. This is just here for my own sanity and for people who help me with the bot.

---
### Minor Backend Changes
Hey there. Uhm, this doesn't really affect you, this is just for my own sanity and for people who like code review (lame lmao).

- I yeeted the ASCII console.log() thingy that said "AXIOS"  in all caps due to the fact that we're **not Axios anymore**.
- Sharding is now better. Don't know how I did it because I **didn't** do it. Ask lying (if you're in the server w/ him).

That's all. Thanks for actually reading this. 